# E 2.1
> What are the differences between int, long, long long, and short? 
> Between an unsigned and a signed type?
> Between a float and a double? 

short and int is at least 16 bits, long at least 32 bits, long long at least 64 bits

short < int < long < long long

# E 2.3
Output

    unsigned u = 10, u2 = 42;
    std::cout << u2 - u << std::endl;
    std::cout << u - u2 << std::endl;//2^32-32=4294967264
    int i = 10, i2 = 42;
    std::cout << i2 - i << std::endl;
    std::cout << i - i2 << std::endl;
    std::cout << i - u << std::endl;
    std::cout << u - i << std::endl;

unsigned int -> unsigned

# E 2.5

- (a) 'a', L'a', "a", L"a"
- (b) 10, 10u, 10L, 10uL, 012, 0xC
- (c) 3.14, 3.14f, 3.14L
- (d) 10, 10u, 10., 10e-2

wide character, wchar_t

- (a): character literal, wide character literal, string literal, string wide character literal.
- (b): decimal, unsigned decimal, long decimal, unsigned long decimal, octal, hexadecimal.
- (c): double, float, long double.
- (d): decimal, unsigned decimal, double, double.

# E 2.7

- (a) "Who goes with F\145rgus?\012"
    - Who goes with Fergus?(new line)
- (b) 3.14e1L
    - 31.4
- (c) 1024f
    - error
- (d) 3.14L

# E 2.9
list initialization becomes strict in c++11

    int i = { 3.14 };//error: type 'double' cannot be narrowed to 'int' in initializer list 

# E 2.10
global variable, so the value is zero

# E 2.13

    int i = 42;
    int main()
    {
        int i = 100;
        int j = i;// 100
    }

# E 2.15

    (a) int ival = 1.01;
    (b) int &rval1 = 1.01;
    (c) int &rval2 = ival;
    (d) int &rval3;

- (a): valid.
- (b): invalid. initializer must be an object.
- (c): valid.
- (d): invalid. a reference must be initialized.

# E 2.16
    
    int i = 0, &r1 = i; 
    double d = 0, &r2 = d;
    r2 = 3.14159;//d
    r2 = r1;
    i = r2;
    r1 = d;

# E 2.17

    int i, &ri = i;
    i = 5; ri = 10;//i=ri=10

# E 2.18

    int a = 0, b = 1;
    int *p1 = &a, *p2 = p1;
    // change the value of a pointer.
    p1 = &b;
    // change the value to which the pointer points
    *p2 = b;

# E 2.25

    int* ip, ip2;
    //ip is a pointer to int, and ip2 is an int.

# E 2.27

    int i = -1, &r = 0;         // illegal, r must refer to an object.
    int *const p2 = &i2;        // legal.
    const int i = -1, &r = 0;   // legal.
    const int *const p3 = &i2;  // legal.
    const int *p1 = &i2;        // legal
    const int &const r2;        // illegal, r2 is a reference that cannot be const.
    const int i2 = i, &r = i;   // legal.
    int i, *const cp;       // illegal, cp must initialize.
    int *p1, *const p2;     // illegal, p2 must initialize.
    const int ic, &r = ic;  // illegal, ic must initialize.
    const int *const p3;    // illegal, p3 must initialize.
    const int *p;           // legal. a pointer to const int.
    i = ic;     // legal.
    p1 = p3;    // illegal. p3 is a pointer to const int.
    p1 = &ic;   // illegal. ic is a const int.
    p3 = &ic;   // illegal. p3 is a const pointer.
    p2 = p1;    // illegal. p2 is a const pointer.
    ic = *p3;   // legal

Rules：

    int* - pointer to int
    int const * - pointer to const int
    int * const - const pointer to int
    int const * const - const pointer to const int
    const int * == int const *
    const int * const == int const * const

# E 2.30
The distinction between top-level and low-level matters when we copy an object. When we copy an object， top-level consts are ignored

- Top-Level const is to indicate that pointer itself is a const
- Low-Level const When a pointer can point to a const object

     